what's going on everyone welcome back to
D master gaming and today I've got
something a little bit different for you
today if you haven't heard about this
little game that everyone calls destiny
by Bungie Studios and here are some
reasons of why you should pick it up and
why it's awesome alright so in case you
didn't get the memo imagine to forge
worlds from Halo Reach combined that's
about the average size of one whole
destiny location this game does not just
have mission designers they have world
designers building an entirely expansive
world for you to explore everything
piece of land you'd see you can explore
in destiny and it's gonna be a really
fun experience to just sit down with
your friends and explore this vast
universe that Bungie is created also
there's also these things I'll public
events certain specific areas or certain
locales where there's open environments
and there's tons of people it also
involves seamless matchmaking where you
can join up with friends fire teams or
you can just simply ignore them and go
as you feed these events will happen in
cycles and you'll always be able to join
in or just you know it nor do your own
business however you please I always
encourage you to enjoy them you can even
play public events forever and ever
they've never do any missions in destiny
you can have up to three races in three
different classes but through the races
you have human which is normal awoken
which are beautiful mysterious humanoids
and EXO which are these warlike machines
for the three classes and deaths and you
have the hunter the cool awesome looking
guy with the hood who relies on speed
and strength and can supercharge their
weapons for extra damage the Warlock who
uses the met the magic powers of the
traveler to levitate and do all courts
of school moves and supers and you have
the Titan it can hold web heavier
weapons and be more of a support and
beat the awesome looking Master Chief
guy to your group there are also
thousands of different kinds of
character customization inside destiny
from different exotic and superior
weapon
two different kinds of armor that we
tell your character story also in
destiny there is a competitive
multiplayer supported in certain areas
called the arenas destiny is going to be
an epic saga that expands across ten
years and could be bungees next
billion-dollar franchise it's already
been convened compared to star wars and
lord of the rings so as far as I'm
concerned it's not just going to
overtake halo it's going to be the
game's test hey see what I did there you
see see what I did there please tell me
someone's up